# Middleware Assignment 1

We have the file and directory structure shown in the figure:

project/
│
├── data/
│ ├── sample_01/
│ │ ├── ranges_1.txt
│ │ ├── ranges_2.txt
│ │
│ ├── sample_02/
│ │ ├── ranges_1.txt
│ │ ├── ...
│ │ ├── ranges_n.txt
│ └── ...
│
├── results/
│
├── logs/
│
├── scripts/
│ ├── count_tot_primes.py
│ ├── ...
│
└── workflow_orchestrator.py

There is an indeterminate number of sample folders, and each of them contains several
range_x.txt files. The ranges_x.txt files contain an indefinite set of numeric values of the
type:

```
ranges_x.txt
5 30
40 100
100 1000
```
The count_tot_primes.py script counts how many prime numbers there are in a range
of two integers. The program's output consists of a list of the prime numbers found and
their total.

$ python count_tot_primes.py 1 10
2
3
5
7
TOTAL: 4

From these elements, we want to obtain a single file (ALL_PRIMES.txt) containing all the
prime numbers (without repetitions) generated from all the intervals contained in the
range_x.txt files. The last line of the file will contain the total number of primes.
Intermediate files and ALL_PRIMES.txt should be stored in the results folder.


We assume that running the count_tot_primes.py program is computationally intensive
and therefore its execution should be done on the nodes of a cluster managed with
SLURM.

You must write an workflow_orchestrator script (in Python) to efficiently solve this
problem. The orchestrator's objective is to generate and control all the SLURM jobs
that are needed to solve the problem. If needed, you can create other scripts to
perform auxiliary operations (filtering duplicate values, sorting values, etc.). All these
scripts will be located in the scripts folder. SLURM scripts must also be stored in the
scripts folder. The stdout and stderr files automatically generated by SLURM must be
stored in the logs folder. The orchestrator program must generate a log text file
(ORCHEST_LOG.txt) showing the progress of the problem's solution (e.g., sample
folders visited, ranges files used, SLURM jobs generated, etc.). This file should be also
written in the logs folder.

Your solution will be evaluated based on the use of mechanisms that efficiently leverage
available computing resources (e.g., xargs or parallel Linux commands, SLURM arrays,
SLURM dependencies, parallel execution in SLURM, etc.).

The orchestrator program can be run in two ways:

$python workflow_orchestrator.py (run from within the project directory).
$python workflow_orchestrator.py path_to_project_folder (run from outside the
project directory).

You must submit a PDF report describing the implemented orchestrator program and
the auxiliary scripts used. The report should also describe the validation tests performed
and, if applicable, any limitations or unresolved issues in the submitted version of the
orchestrator. Along with the report, you must submit a compressed directory file with
the structure shown in the previous figure (include several sample folders with
range_x.txt files).


